First, open up `shopping.csv`, the data set provided to you for this project. You can open it in a text editor, but you may find it easier to understand visually in a spreadsheet application like Microsoft Excel, Apple Numbers, or Google Sheets.

There are about 12,000 user sessions represented in this spreadsheet: represented as one row for each user session. The first six columns measure the different types of pages users have visited in the session: the `Administrative`, `Informational`, and `ProductRelated` columns measure how many of those types of pages the user visited, and their corresponding `_Duration` columns measure how much time the user spent on any of those pages. The `BounceRates`, `ExitRates`, and `PageValues` columns measure information from Google Analytics about the page the user visited. `SpecialDay` is a value that measures how close the date of the user’s session is to a special day (like Valentine’s Day or Mother’s Day). `Month` is an abbreviation of the month the user visited. `OperatingSystems`, `Browser`, `Region`, and `TrafficType` are all integers describing information about the user themself. `VisitorType` will take on the value `Returning_Visitor` for returning visitors and some other string value for non-returning visitors. `Weekend` is `TRUE` or `FALSE` depending on whether or not the user is visiting on a weekend.

Perhaps the most important column, though, is the last one: the `Revenue` column. This is the column that indicates whether the user ultimately made a purchase or not: `TRUE` if they did, `FALSE` if they didn’t. This is the column that we’d like to learn to predict (the “label”), based on the values for all of the other columns (the “evidence”).

Next, take a look at `shopping.py`. The `main` function loads data from a CSV spreadsheet by calling the `load_data` function and splits the data into a training and testing set. The `train_model` function is then called to train a machine learning model on the training data. Then, the model is used to make predictions on the testing data set. Finally, the `evaluate` function determines the sensitivity and specificity of the model, before the results are ultimately printed to the terminal.

The functions `load_data`, `train_model`, and `evaluate` are left blank. That’s where you come in!