- It’s to be expected that your parser may generate some sentences that you believe are not syntactically or semantically well-formed. You need not worry, therefore, if your parser allows for parsing meaningless sentences like `"His Thursday chuckled in a paint."`
    - That said, you should avoid over-generation of sentences where possible. For example, your parser should definitely not accept sentences like `"Armchair on the sat Holmes."`
    - You should also avoid under-generation of sentences. A rule like `S -> N V Det Adj Adj Adj N P Det N P Det N` would technically successfully generate sentence 10, but not in a way that is particularly useful or generalizable.
    - The rules in the lecture source code are (intentionally) a very simplified rule set, and as a result may suffer from over-generation. You can (and should) make modifications to those rules to try to be as general as possible without over-generating. In particular, consider how you might get your parser to accept the sentence “Holmes sat in the armchair.” (and “Holmes sat in the red armchair.” and “Holmes sat in the little red armchair.”), but have it *not* accept the sentence “Holmes sat in the the armchair.”
- It’s to be expected that your parser may generate multiple ways to parse a sentence. English grammar is inherently ambiguous!
- Within the [`nltk.tree`](https://www.nltk.org/_modules/nltk/tree.html) documentation, you may find the `label` and `subtrees` functions particularly useful.
- To focus on testing your parser before working on noun phrase chunking, it may be helpful to temporarily have `np_chunk` simply return an empty list `[]`, so that your program can operate without noun phrase chunking while you test the other parts of your program.